Source ID	Source Type
AlgaGEM	Published Model
AraCyc	Secondary Database
AraGEM	Published Model
BiGG	Secondary Database
BiGG1	Secondary Database
BrachyCyc	Secondary Database
ChEBI	Primary Database
ChlamyCyc	Secondary Database
CornCyc	Secondary Database
DF_Athaliana	Published Model
EcoCyc	Secondary Database
iAbaylyiv4	Published Model
iAF1260	Published Model
iAF692	Published Model
iAG612	Published Model
iAO358	Published Model
iGT196	Published Model
iIN800	Published Model
iIT341	Published Model
iJN746	Published Model
iJR904	Published Model
iMA945	Published Model
iMEO21	Published Model
iMM904	Published Model
iMO1053-PAO1	Published Model
iMO1056	Published Model
iND750	Published Model
iNJ661	Published Model
iPS189	Published Model
iRR1083	Published Model
iRS1563	Published Model
iRS1597	Published Model
iSB619	Published Model
iSO783	Published Model
iYO844	Published Model
JM_Creinhardtii	Published Model
JP_Creinhardtii_MSB	Published Model
JP_Creinhardtii_NMeth	Published Model
KEGG	Primary Database
Maize_C4GEM	Published Model
MaizeCyc	Secondary Database
MetaCyc	Primary Database
metanetx.chemical	Secondary Database
metanetx.reaction	Secondary Database
PlantCyc	Secondary Database
PoplarCyc	Secondary Database
Rhea	Primary Database
RiceCyc	Secondary Database
SorghumCyc	Secondary Database
SoyCyc	Secondary Database
TS_Athaliana	Published Model
